Objectives:
1. Understand the concept of constructor and its use
2. Understand the concept friend function
3. Understand the concept of copy constructor.
4. Understand the use of static and inline function
5. Understand the concept of exception handling

Theory:
Constructors:
A special method of the class that will be automatically invoked when an instance of the class is created is called as
constructor. Following are the most useful features of constructor.
1) Constructor is used for Initializing the values to the data members of the Class.
2) Constructor is that whose name is same as name of class.
3) Constructor gets Automatically called when an object of class is created
4) Constructors never have a Return Type even void.
5) Constructor is of Default, Parameterized and Copy Constructors.
The various types of Constructor are as follows:-
Constructors can be classified into 3 types
1. Default Constructor
2. Parameterized Constructor
3. Copy Constructor

1. Default Constructor:- Default Constructor is also called as Empty Constructor which has no arguments and It is
Automatically called when we creates the object of class but Remember name of Constructor is same as name of
class and Constructor never declared with the help of Return Type. Means we can‟t declare a Constructor with the
help of void Return Type. , if we never Pass or declare any Arguments then this called as the Copy Constructors.
2. Parameterized Constructor: - This is another type constructor which has some Arguments and same name as class
name but it uses some Arguments So For this We have to create object of Class by passing some Arguments at the
time of creating object with the name of class. When we pass some Arguments to the Constructor then this will
automatically pass the Arguments to the Constructor and the values will retrieve by the Respective Data Members of
the Class.
3. Copy Constructor: - This is also another type of Constructor. In this Constructor we pass the object of class into
the Another Object of Same Class. As name Suggests you Copy, means Copy the values of one Object into the
another Object of Class .This is used for Copying the values of class object into an another object of class So we call
them as Copy Constructor and For Copying the values We have to pass the name of object whose values we wants to
Copying and When we are using or passing an Object to a Constructor then we must have to use the & Ampersand or
Address Operator.
Destructor: As we know that Constructor is that which is used for Assigning Some Values to data Members and For
Assigning Some Values this May also used Some Memory so that to free up the Memory which is Allocated by
Constructor, destructor is used which gets Automatically Called at the End of Program and we doesn‟t have to
Explicitly Call a Destructor and Destructor Cant be Parameterized or a Copy This can be only one Means Default 
Destructor which Have no Arguments. For Declaring a Destructor we have to use ~tiled Symbol in front of
Destructor

Friend Class A friend class can access private and protected members of other class in which it is declared as friend.
It is sometimes useful to allow a particular class to access private members of other class. For example, a LinkedList
class may be allowed to access private members of Node.
A static member function can access only the names of static members, enumerators, and nested types of the class in
which it is declared. Suppose a static member function f() is a member of class X . The static member function f()
cannot access the nonstatic members X or the nonstatic members of a base class of X
Inline function is one of the important feature of C++.
